9mai2022becode

What is meant by virtual machine?

A Virtual Machine (VM) is a compute resource that uses software instead of a physical computer to run programs and deploy apps. One or more virtual “guest” machines run on a physical “host” machine.

What is a hypervisor?
A hypervisor, also known as a virtual machine monitor or VMM, is software that creates and runs virtual machines (VMs). A hypervisor allows one host computer to support multiple guest VMs by virtually sharing its resources, such as memory and processing.
 

The use of vm ?
two basic types of virtual machines are process and system VMs.

    A process virtual machine allows you to run a single process as an application on a host machine. An example of a process virtual machine is the Java Virtual Machine (JVM) which allows any system to run Java applications as if they were native to the system.
    A system virtual machine is a fully virtualized VM designed to be a substitute for a physical machine. It runs on a different host machine by utilizing a hypervisor such as VMware ESXi to access the underlying machine’s resources.
    
  Question 1c?  
    Desktop Virtualization
    Application Virtualization
    Server Virtualization
    Network Virtualization
    Storage Virtualization

Desktop Virtualization

Desktop virtualization is when the host server can run virtual machines using a hypervisor (a software program). A hypervisor can directly be installed on the host machine or over the operating system (like Windows, Mac, and Linux). Virtualized desktops don’t use the host system’s hard drive; instead, they run on a remote central server. This type of virtualization is useful for development and testing teams who need to develop or test applications on different operating systems.
Application Virtualization

The process of installing an application on a central server (single computer system) that can virtually be operated on multiple systems is known as application virtualization. For end users, the virtualized application works exactly like a native application installed on a physical machine. With application virtualization, it’s easier for organizations to update, maintain, and fix applications centrally. Admins can control and modify access permissions to the application without logging in to the user’s desktop. Another benefit of application virtualization is portability. It allows users to access virtualized applications even on non-Windows devices, such as iOS or Android. This helps save user’s time invested in application installations and load operations.
Server Virtualization

Server virtualization is a process of partitioning the resources of a single server into multiple virtual servers. These virtual servers can run as separate machines. Server virtualization allows businesses to run multiple independent OSs (guests or virtual) all with different configurations using a single (host) server. The process also saves the hardware cost involved in keeping a host of physical servers, so businesses can make their server infrastructure more streamlined.
Network Virtualization

Network virtualization helps manage and monitor the entire computer network as a single administrative entity. Admins can keep a track of various elements of network infrastructure such as routers and switches from a single software-based administrator’s console. Network virtualization helps network optimization for data transfer rates, flexibility, reliability, security, and scalability. It improves the overall network’s productivity and efficiency. It becomes easier for administrators to allocate and distribute resources conveniently and ensure high and stable network performance.
Storage Virtualization

Storage virtualization is the process of pooling physical storage of multiple network storage devices so it looks like a single storage device. Storage virtualization facilitates archiving, easy backup, and recovery tasks. It helps administrators allocate, move, change and set up resources efficiently across the organizational infrastructure.
Why Do Organizations Use Virtualization Software?

Virtualization software, also known as hypervisors, helps organizations simulate hardware functionality and create multiple virtual computer systems. This helps IT teams use multiple applications and operating systems on a single server. Organizations use virtualization software to efficiently manage and allocate resources to virtual machines. When using virtual machines, if one of them crashes, it has no effect on the physical hardware or other virtual machines.


what is a container


A container is a standard unit of software that packages up code and all its dependencies so the application runs quickly and reliably from one computing environment to another.


Question2b?

what is a container

 container is a virtual runtime environment that runs on top of a single operating system (OS) kernel and emulates an operating system rather than the underlying hardware
  
  application container
  
  An application container is a relatively new container type. It is an application, service, or even microservice centric solution that usually runs just a single process inside. As a result, application containers promote creating immutable and ephemeral infrastructure.
  
  
  system  container
  
A system container (also known as operating system container) is the oldest container type. It is an operating system (OS) centric solution that behaves like a standalone system, which does not require specialized software or custom images such as Docker.


question 2c?


Ultimately, containers are a feature of Linux. Containers have been a part of the Linux operating system for more than a decade, and go back even further in UNIX. That's why, despite the very recent introduction of Windows containers, the majority of containers we see are in fact Linux containers.
